Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 238 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?










2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.


The two users followed by both of them are @TheWhiteHouse adn @VP. As both of them wanted to be the U.S. President, that would explain why they follow the WhiteHouse's twitter. Whereas @VP is VicePresident Mike Pence's account. As he is the VicePresident that ill explain why Donald Trump follows her but not why Hillary does it. Maybe they were friends before the political rivalry.










3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

This might be because Donald Trump as the President of US needs to maintain an image and probably he is advised not to follow many twitter accounts.
The difference may affect in a way that probably all the data and information extracted from the analysis will be related to Gary Johnson's account infrmation while many important information about Donald Trump's account will be lost as in the general data, the one relataed to Donald Trump is really small in comparation to the one of Gary Johnson.
Also as Donald Trump has no little follows, it will be difficult to obtain information from that little data.








4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?
